hello and welcome welcome to read gaming
tech forget more of your daily gaming
news today is the six things October and
this time I'm bringing you some news
from pokemon X&Y as unfortunately
numerous X my players are reporting a
gamebreaking glitch that actually
renders save files completely unusable
now according to these users which are
quite high I've heard rumblings of this
particular problem of various Facebook
pages and so forth the split occurs when
you save your progress in lumiose city
now a video is uploaded thanks to a game
informer and it demonstrates the bug
quite nicely when trying to load a file
that has been corrupted in lumiose city
the player will find themselves stuck in
the environment with a completely
unresponsive 3ds once it has been
corrupted the file appears unrecoverable
and must be deleted now reports have
come from users of both the Japanese and
European versions of the game and this
has not at the time of recording being
any acknowledgment from Nintendo at this
time and the only way to avoid this
glitch is to avoid saving your progress
at this location of course the pokemons
latest game has sold more than 4 million
units in a single weekend so there's
quite a few people who may just want to
watch themselves and where they save now
of course what every single person has
found themselves victim to this
particular bug but if you have yet to
reach lumiose city or if you have yet to
get your hands on the game such as
myself just keep in mind that until
Nintendo if issues an official statement
regarding a patch or what have you then
i will just avoid saving inside the city
at all costs just to not put your game
save a risk because of course if this
does happen you will have to start again
from the beginning so there you have it
some helpful news from myself a multi of
course will be linking at the gaming
forum of video of the game breaking bug
in the description if you guys want to
go check it out too but I would say that
just avoid saving there until Nintendo
issues an official statement now this is
very unlike Nintendo for the
to have slipped through their cracks it
must be quite a rare bug but of course
when you've got people buying it you
know in the millions rare you know out
of you know even if it's like one out of
three or one out of ten or what have you
when you're you've got four million
people who've bought your game over a
single weekend that still leaves a lot
of people suffering this bug for
whatever reason so hopefully we'll get
an official patch on the certainty that
have to worry but for the moment until
there is an official statement just do
not save your game in the immuno City
just don't even risk it now of course
this is fairly rare but just don't
that's that's all I'm going to say and I
thought that considering that i'm sure
many of you have like myself I'll
thoroughly looking forward to playing
the game you do not want to find
yourself having to restart after hours
of play and finally reaching lumiose
city anyway that is me done for this
video hope you've enjoyed it thank you
very much for watching and I'll see you
next time
you